EGR 222 Project/README.md, before:

# EGR 222 Project
So this covers the basics of what we need to accomplish for the project. It isn't the prettiest. It isn't always the most efficient. But it works. Feel free to fix anything that needs fixing or neaten anything that could be organized better. If you have any questions about the project (because I know it's a LOT to take in at once), feel free to text me or stop me after class and I'll try my best to explain what I did and why.
- Caleb

TO-DO:

- Add class sections. (IN MAIN FILE, ADCLASS FUNCTION) The program could search for any matches to the first 6 characters, and if there is, it can give the option to either type a new class or add a section to that class, which would simply add an "A", "B", "C", .etc to the fullName variable(JOSEPH).

- COMPLETED: Convert the startTime and endTime variables from the 24 hour system to the 12 hour system (CALEB).

- Add searching by semester (MAIN FILE, SEARCH FUNCTION)(NICK).

- Choosing how many days a week (CALEB).

- Adding hybrid classes (Half of the hours in-class, the other half online)(CALEB).

- Computer lab? How many computers? Projector?(LOWEST PRIORITY).

- Allow the user to register an instructor or classroom if the add class function gives an error because the room or instructor is not registered (Just take the user to the class function from the add class function and then break the add class function when the thing is registered.)(JOSE).

- Allow the user to go to the menu at all times (JOSE).

Commit message:

Added Scheduling Functionality Added the ability to choose a scheduling type and a functional hybrid option.

EGR 222 Project/README.md, after:

# EGR 222 Project
So this covers the basics of what we need to accomplish for the project. It isn't the prettiest. It isn't always the most efficient. But it works. Feel free to fix anything that needs fixing or neaten anything that could be organized better. If you have any questions about the project (because I know it's a LOT to take in at once), feel free to text me or stop me after class and I'll try my best to explain what I did and why.
- Caleb

TO-DO:

- Add class sections. (IN MAIN FILE, ADCLASS FUNCTION) The program could search for any matches to the first 6 characters, and if there is, it can give the option to either type a new class or add a section to that class, which would simply add an "A", "B", "C", .etc to the fullName variable(JOSEPH).

- COMPLETED: Convert the startTime and endTime variables from the 24 hour system to the 12 hour system (CALEB).

- Modify the search filters (MAIN FILE, SEARCH FUNCTION, I'm guessing this could be done between lines 348 and 394). The new version should have the ability to search by the class name (e.g. "EGR101") as well as the class name and section(e.g. "EGR101B"), the semester or year (or both), in addition to the already established stuff and anything else you think should be a search filter (NICK).

- COMPLETED: Choosing how many days a week (CALEB).

- COMPLETED: Adding hybrid classes (Half of the hours in-class, the other half online)(CALEB).

- Computer lab? How many computers? Projector?(LOWEST PRIORITY).

- Allow the user to register an instructor or classroom if the add class function gives an error because the room or instructor is not registered (Just take the user to the class function from the add class function and then break the add class function when the thing is registered.)(JOSE).

- Allow the user to go to the menu at all times (JOSE).
